README.md, before:

# Orinoco
5th project in the junior webdeveloper course by OpenClassrooms

Project consists in establishing the front-end side for a MVP. 

The product has to be chosen between teddies, cameras and furnitures. My project is about the teddies.

The MVP must display a dynamic webpage of the products, with cards linking to a 'product' page where a scroll menu allows to customize the product. However, when the product will be added to the cart, the customization will not be efficient. Likewise, when ordering products in the cart, the customization won't be sent to the back-end server.

The cart and an order confirmation are the two other pages needed to be settled in this project. 

The purpose of this project is to establish data exhanges between the API and the front-end. All data has to be validated before any request is sent.
Html is set with Bootstrap. 

(Further information will be added)

1° Local server

- clone this repo: https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/JWDP5.git
- in the terminal, enter 'npm install'
- then enter 'node server'

The local server is then launched on port: 3000

2° Testing the MVP

- Either you go on the GitHub Page while node server is active

- Or you can also open index.html in your local browser

You can now test the features.

Commit message:

Filled README.md with details, corrected the disableBtn function: as long as no item / no input filled, the orderBtn is disabled.

README.md, after:

# Orinoco

5th project in the junior webdeveloper course by OpenClassrooms

Project consists in establishing the front-end side for a MVP.

The product has to be chosen between teddies, cameras and furnitures. My project is about the teddies.

The MVP must display a dynamic webpage of the products, with cards linking to a 'product' page where a scroll menu allows to customize the product. However, when the product will be added to the cart, the customization will not be efficient. Likewise, when ordering products in the cart, the customization won't be sent to the back-end server.

The cart and an order confirmation are the two other pages needed to be settled in this project.

The purpose of this project is to establish data exhanges between the API and the front-end. All data has to be validated before any request is sent.
Html is set with Bootstrap.

(Further information will be added)

Application launch steps:

1° Local server

-   clone this repo: https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/JWDP5.git
-   Open the folder in your code editor
-   Open a new terminal, enter 'npm install'
-   then enter 'node server'

The local server is launched on port: 3000

2° Testing the MVP

-   Either you go on the GitHub Page while node server is active: kulwch.github.io/orinoco/

-   Or you can also open index.html in your local browser

You can now test the application features:

-   see product details, choose a customization option(color), add the product to the Cart

-   look at the cart, withdraw an unwanted item, or clear it all, order its content
